family
Do you think family is important?
Have you ever lost someone?
Have you ever had issues with your parents?

	authority
Do you think the government always tells us the truth?
Have you ever had issues with authorities?

	history
You know most of the history as we know it is pure invention, right?
What's your opinion about history in general?
Do you always believe what historians say?

	science
Do you think science is always a good thing?
What's your opinion about science in general?
Do you always believe what scientists say?

	alien
I don't think we are alone in this universe. Do you?
Once again, we are probably seeing the consequences of things that are not coming from our planet.
Do you think there are extraterrestrials living within human society?

	reptilian
You seem to like reptiles, don't you?
You wouldn't believe all the things that are living in the undergrounds of our own planet...
Have you ever wondered if someone in front of you was a reptilian?

	animal
Do you think we really are the dominant species on our planet?
What is your opinion about experiments on animals?
Do you have a favorite animal?

	money
Anyway, money is just a political thing, isn't it?
Don't you think this society attach too much importance to money?
Do you consider yourself to be a materialistic person?

	illuminati
Don't you find it strange, all the triangles there are everywhere?
What if that was somehow linked to the illuminati?

	conspiracy
One more thing we are not told the truth about. What do you know about zone 51?
There are lots of existing theories, but what is yours about all of that?
Looks like someone has something to hide, don't you think?

	logic
That doesn't seem very logical to me...
Could you explain that?
An interesting reasoning, but maybe biased.

	chance
Coincidence ? I don't think so...
Do you believe in fate ?
I don't believe in chance. Everything happens for a reason.

	math
But you know, numbers can lie too...
That's a very formated reasoning.
Sorry, maths aren't my thing...
Do you think maths are taught the right way to people?